[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: We are told
that the center of the Earth
has a very hot, fiery core
surrounded by a mantle.
But what if there happens
to be an entire ecosystem,
unknown to us, right
under our feet?
And with us today
is Emery Smith,
who is going to tell us
about the Inner Earth.
Because you've been there.
>>EMERY SMITH: Thanks
for having me, George.
>>NOORY: Good to have you, too.
How far down did you
go into the planet?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I really
don't know exactly.
They never really
kind of told us that.
>>NOORY: Did you feel heat,
or anything like that?
>>SMITH: No, I was
never overheated.
It was very actually
a constant 55 degrees,
or in some of the civilization--
the actual ecosystems
were around 80 degrees.
So they were warm.
Because I think these
systems, the way
they're allowed to flourish is
some of those veins of magma,
or whatever, are surrounding
them and keeping it just
at the right specific
temperature for life
to flourish down there.
>>NOORY: Did you see oceans?
>>SMITH: I've seen giant
lakes, but not oceans.
>>NOORY: Underwater, or
underground, you saw lakes.
>>SMITH: I've seen saltwater
lakes and freshwater lakes.
There was lots of
light, everywhere.
There's a lot of light
emitting plants and animals.
And the moisture in the
air, like I told you,
or in other episodes,
is bio luminescent.
Just the floating
water particles
have some sort of chemical in
them that it's always lit up.
Now there was a time I
saw a rainbow atmosphere
in one of these places,
a very bright light.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>SMITH: That's like the top
of the ceiling it looks like.
>>NOORY: Well, don't you have
to have like a little star sun
in order to have a rainbow?
>>SMITH: Well, they fit-- right.
This is what-- it was a prism
effect is what they figured.
They figured this out.
And that's why it casted
this rainbow-like light
across the top of
this humongous cavern.
I mean, it looks
like it's infinity.
So what they found out
was there was somehow
a ball of this water that
was anti-gravitic that
was just up, way up
high in this area
that the light that was around
was making this effect going
through it.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now you and your team
went into the Inner Earth.
What was the mission and
how did you get there?
>>SMITH: Well, we used
portal technology.
And there would be anywhere from
10 to 15 people in the group.
>>NOORY: Once you get
into the Inner Earth,
how do you move around?
Do you walk?
Do you drive?
What do you do?
>>SMITH: Yeah, we basically
hiked the whole way.
I mean, it's all--
>>NOORY: All on foot.
>>SMITH: All on foot.
I mean, some of these
places are so vast,
there are many,
many, many miles.
I know that one of the
longest ones I remember
was about six miles in diameter.
>>NOORY: That's pretty hefty.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
And so yeah,
everything's on foot.
We do have assistants with
special types of robots
and other cybernetic
type of beings.
>>NOORY: Why don't give
you like a golf cart,
something like that,
just to move around?
>>SMITH: Well, the
whole thing is also--
>>NOORY: Too jaggedy?
>>SMITH: --you don't want
to damage and ruin any--
we don't want to leave a
trace behind, you know.
It's kind of like going
into a national park.
Pack in and pack everything out.
Don't leave a candy wrapper.
Because it could have
a detrimental effect
on the surface of
the Earth if we
were to leave something behind.
So we try to lightly,
what we call, tread
lightly on everything
there, because we don't want
to affect it and mess it up.
>>NOORY: And what
was the mission?
What did they want
you guys to do?
And women, of course.
>>SMITH: Well, I was
a medic, number one.
And also was a person that
if they found something
that was related to
extraterrestrial technology,
I was to extract it in a
sterile fashion and put it in--
we have a special protocol
of how we take specimens
so we don't contaminate them.
Even though we're in suits
and things like this,
you have to be very careful
when collecting anything.
Because you might walk
up to something, grab it,
and it squirts
something out at you
and eats right
through your suit.
>>NOORY: Could be
acidic or something.
>>SMITH: Or gaseous, too.
There's certain gases
that can permeate.
>>NOORY: Could be a defense
mechanism of an animal, right?
>>SMITH: Exactly.
So we're dealing with a
whole 'nother species of life
that we're not familiar with.
So it's very dangerous.
And it's very rare, we usually
have one security person there.
Mostly everyone there is trained
in basic first aid and EMT
stuff.
And we have--
>>NOORY: --to take
care of each other.
>>SMITH: Right.
Right.
And then we have, of
course, physicians
and paramedics and people that
are special geologists that
know what kind of
rocks and minerals
and crystals, lots of
crystals are down there.
>>NOORY: Did everybody
have a specific purpose?
>>SMITH: Yes, everyone
had a specific purpose.
Some people were teamed
up, too, as twos.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>SMITH: Everyone
was always monitored.
Everyone kind of always
knew where everyone was.
But you could actually
walk a mile or two
in these areas, these jungles
and these lakes and things
like that.
And in some lakes, you
would have to be careful
because they are very acidic.
So you couldn't
just go in there.
You'd probably burn up.
>>NOORY: It would eat you away.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
And melt right down.
>>NOORY: I mean,
what's the worst
thing you've seen there
that may have happened
to one of your crew members?
Did anybody die?
>>SMITH: Only
things I've seen are
the videos from past
adventurers that
have went into these things.
>>NOORY: So they showed
you videos of some of it.
>>SMITH: Oh, yeah.
We-- many, many.
Before even going
into a mission,
you get to see all
the prior missions.
It's part of your training,
so you know what to expect,
you know what trees not
to touch, what animals not
to touch, when to run.
>>NOORY: What is then
the most horrendous thing
you've seen on video?
What did you see?
>>SMITH: It probably was
the lake was pretty bad.
>>NOORY: Somebody
jumped in there?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You sound
emotional here.
>>SMITH: Well, they just
touched it with their foot--
>>NOORY: And lost the foot?
It just like ate it away.
>>SMITH: Yeah, it was like acid.
Didn't make it.
>>NOORY: Now you saw this
on video or you were there?
>>SMITH: Just on video.
>>NOORY: Now prior to
your first mission,
did you go through a
special training program
to get ready for this mission?
>>SMITH: Well, most
people that are traveling
on the Inner Earth have
already done off-planet stuff
with portals.
>>NOORY: As you had done.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
So you have to have already
done that before you
go to Inner Earth.
Because it's actually more
dangerous in the Inner Earth
than it is going somewhere
else off planet, to be honest.
And we have more information,
too, about Inner Earth--
I mean, Outer Earth
than we do Inner Earth.
>>NOORY: Yeah, we don't even
know our own planet, really.
>>SMITH: Exactly.
So by going through mock--
we actually will do mock
trainings, where we'll suit up
and they might drop us off
in the Bisti Badlands in New
Mexico for a couple days
and say, go, survive, and do
this and collect these things.
Or remote areas of the desert.
We did a lot of practicing
in the White Sands National
Monument Park there.
>>NOORY: Sounds like exciting
and fun at the same time.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
No, it was a very exciting time.
And then my first time,
you have levels of people.
So you might have been
already there 15 times.
So you're the commanding leader.
>>NOORY: Right.
Based on the experience.
>>SMITH: Based on the
experience and also
how long you've
been going there.
And then maybe the next person
only has been there 10 times.
So then they're the
second in command.
So my first time I
went, I was the newbie.
So I was more--
the newbies have to
just follow and observe.
You're not allowed
to do anything.
>>NOORY: But you're prepared in
case something happens, right?
I mean, you have equipment
with you and stuff like that?
>>SMITH: Yes, we
have special packs.
We have special
suits we're wearing.
The packs that you
would carry if you
were a medic in the military,
you have epinephrine.
>>NOORY: But they tell
you, don't do anything,
we want you to be an observer?
>>SMITH: Yeah,
you're an observer.
Usually, you have a lot
of cameras with you,
the newbies do, and
they're filming everything.
And usually, we call
them the Sherpas,
because they carry
the most weight.
>>NOORY: Put them to work.
>>SMITH: We put them
to work, you know.
But very quickly,
you go up the ranks,
once they see how you perform.
And just like any other
soldier in the military
goes through a training to make
sure you could handle in case
something does go really bad.
So we had to go through a
mental evaluation for all
the missions.
And once you get
back, you have to go
through another
mental evaluation
to make sure you
weren't affected somehow
or something you saw
upset you, or just
to make sure you keep
your wits about you.
And sometimes, some things
can be overwhelming.
We've had a few
soldiers that were,
it was just a little
bit too much for them.
Because you're not
in your reality
anymore, and it's hard
sometimes to accept that.
You have to come back to
the top of the planet here.
And it's kind of nice
being down there.
And so a lot of people that
have done a lot of missions,
I heard recently that they now
put limitations on missions
because of the reality check.
>>NOORY: On some
off-planet missions,
you used animals and
dogs to help you.
What about the Inner
Earth missions?
>>SMITH: Yes, there
were always at least one
or two canine units that
were with us that were also
geared up in special suits.
And they had special helmets
that allowed them to hear,
because they can hear
things that we cannot hear.
And they're trained to pick
up different frequencies,
in case there was a, let's say,
an earthquake about to happen.
>>NOORY: What breed did
you have down there?
>>SMITH: They were
a type of mastiff.
>>NOORY: OK, big size dog.
>>SMITH: Yeah, they were
hybrid-type animals.
Depending on where we're
at and the environment
and the atmosphere,
you know, some
didn't have to wear a suit,
you know, and some did,
depending on where we were.
They also have a greater sense
of smell and can pick up--
they're trained to pick
up special gas odors
that we might not smell,
but they could smell.
So then we would have
to put our mask on.
Because we weren't
always wearing a helmet.
>>NOORY: Like the parakeet.
>>SMITH: Right.
Because we weren't we weren't
always having to wear a helmet.
So it just depends on which
place we were going to.
>>NOORY: I get it.
Now when you said the
animals were hybrids,
were they like
mixtures of other dog
species or some other creature?
>>SMITH: They were canine
mastiffs that were enhanced,
like a super soldier.
So they were--
>>NOORY: Enhanced with what?
>>SMITH: With special DNA.
DNA from un-Earth origin.
>>NOORY: Where did
that come from?
>>SMITH: Well, with the DNA that
we would collect all the time,
we can also take proteins
and make recombinant proteins
and things like this and we
can actually duplicate DNA.
And we can actually
make things with DNA.
>>NOORY: You people were
doing things that are really
off this planet, aren't they?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
So it was a very
exciting, fun time.
And my first two times, I
was in complete amazement.
I was--
>>NOORY: It must have been
amazing to look around there.
>>SMITH: It was just to be
there and to look up at the sky
and see creatures you've
never seen before--
>>NOORY: Now what do you
mean, look up at the sky?
If you're in the inner
planet, what do you mean?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>SMITH: There is an
actual atmosphere.
>>NOORY: It has an inner sky?
>>SMITH: It has an inner
sky, like a real atmosphere.
And it could be many
different colors, depending
on the gases that are there.
>>NOORY: You sure
you're not looking
at the top of the
roof of a planet
or something, our planet?
>>SMITH: Well, it looks
very dome-ish like.
Cause you can't see--
you're not looking up
and seeing a cave rock.
>>NOORY: Well, that's it.
Because I'm picturing you're
in a cavern somewhere.
You're saying you're
in a different area.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
It's the climate.
It has its own climate,
its own atmosphere.
It makes its own oxygen.
>>NOORY: So it's almost like
a planet within a planet.
>>SMITH: It is.
That's what it is.
It's like its own ecosystem, its
own planet, with its own rules,
as well.
>>NOORY: Huh.
Since you were there and
you've witnessed these things--
how many times were you there?
>>SMITH: My first two
times, we don't count.
>>NOORY: Because
you're in training.
>>SMITH: Because
you're training.
And I went maybe 20, 22 times.
>>NOORY: You don't go down
there 22 times, Emery, just
to observe plants and animals.
>>SMITH: They weren't all to the
same place each time, George.
They were different
places that you would go.
And we were investigating
these other beings that
were down there and
seeing if they could be
a problem in the future, maybe.
You know, we were doing
some observations.
We weren't hurting any anyone
or kidnapping anything.
But we did come upon, like
I said, carcasses of beings
that we would harvest
these samples of tissue
and bring them
back and study it.
>>NOORY: You mean to tell
me that you folks went down
there-- you,
especially, 22 times--
and you didn't take one
of these little creatures
or one of these
animals or a plant.
>>SMITH: We did set many
traps for the animals
and the different life
beings that were down there.
And we did take those back, yes.
>>NOORY: You do.
And some of them are probably
alive today, a little creature
in some cage somewhere.
>>SMITH: I'm sure, 100%.
Well, I mean, they're
still doing it.
So I mean, this is
an ongoing project.
>>NOORY: Do these
things communicate?
I mean, what does the
little creature sound like?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Well, there's many different
types of creatures,
just like there's many
different types of creatures
on top of the Earth.
So think about--
>>NOORY: But these are more
human than animal, you said.
>>SMITH: Well, they are.
Well, they're more conscious.
You know, animals are conscious.
But these creatures are more
communicative, I'll say.
>>NOORY: Do they talk?
>>SMITH: They do--
>>NOORY: Even if they
have their own language?
>>SMITH: Some have
telepathy, yes.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>NOORY: --speak with telepathy?
>>SMITH: Well, telepathy
is a type of language
that extraterrestrials
and all of us
will be using in the future.
It's an actual language
that has to do with emotion.
And it's not like I'm
saying, in my mind, George.
You know, you're not
hearing my voice.
>>NOORY: Right.
I felt that.
>>SMITH: You're not
hearing my voice,
you just, you know
already what I said.
>>NOORY: Did you interact
with any of these creatures?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>NOORY: Are they
friendly to you?
>>SMITH: Yes, they
were very friendly.
Very confused, of
course, being captured.
Some of these were very small--
>>NOORY: Are they afraid?
>>SMITH: --elephant-looking
creatures.
Some were like, not primates,
but more like a bat,
like kind of a bat.
>>NOORY: They had wings?
>>SMITH: Yes, many had wings.
They obviously can take
care of themselves.
I mean, that's very clear.
But they had other abilities
that we could not understand
and that we were frightened of.
If someone, if an animal can
look at you and say something
and you can actually
communicate with it,
and also has spikes
coming out of its
back that have
deadly poison on it--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Be careful.
>>SMITH: Are you
going to hurt me?
>>NOORY: Tell me
about this interaction
with the human-type
looking creatures.
What was that like for you?
>>SMITH: We really tried
not to interact with them.
But they really paid
no attention to us
once they did see
us and find us,
when we were doing
our covert operations.
We tried to
communicate with them,
but nothing ever
transpired through that.
And they were just
kind of looking
at us like, who are
you, what are you
doing here kind of thing.
>>NOORY: Were there many?
>>SMITH: No.
I've only seen maybe
five or six to a group.
>>NOORY: Were they
afraid of you?
>>SMITH: They were small and
white and about four feet tall.
>>NOORY: How long is their hair?
>>SMITH: They didn't
have any hair.
>>NOORY: No hair, bald.
>>SMITH: No, they were
completely naked and bald.
>>NOORY: Big eyes?
>>SMITH: Very large
oval eyes, yes.
We never saw one by itself.
They were always in like
a little pack of four,
five, six of them.
But they didn't speak or make
noises or anything like that.
>>NOORY: Did they
run away from you?
>>SMITH: Yeah, a few times, yes.
I think it's more like the
flight or fight mode, you know.
What are you going to do?
You going to stand your ground?
You gonna run?
Of course, I think they have
this ability because they're
conscious and they
want to survive,
and they probably
remind me of maybe
how we started out a
long, long, long time ago.
>>NOORY: Did they have weapons?
>>SMITH: No, they never
carried anything like that.
And they didn't wear
any clothing, either.
>>NOORY: When you first
witnessed these things,
I mean, did you freak out?
>>SMITH: No, no.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
We were prepared.
We have already seen videos,
number one, of prior missions.
And this was something
that we may or may not see.
And we have protocols
not to engage
if we do see them, only to
engage if they come up to us.
>>NOORY: But you're saying
we have captured one?
>>SMITH: No.
We've taken back a dead one.
>>NOORY: A dead one?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Are we
living there at all?
Is there anybody still there?
>>SMITH: No.
Well, it's being
visited probably daily.
>>NOORY: Constantly.
>>SMITH: Yeah, I'm sure.
I'm Sure they may
have done something.
But you know, you're
talking, when I was there,
this is between '92 and '94.
>>NOORY: But you think
we're still going
there almost on a daily basis?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I do believe
we're still going there.
And hopefully, they did
not contaminate that.
>>NOORY: We must want
something, if we're
going there that often.
>>SMITH: Well, humans
always want something.
They always want to test
things, utilize things, turn it
into a commodity and sell it.
And a lot of things that
we brought back later on
did turn into devices
and things like that.
>>NOORY: The suits
you wore, I'm trying
to picture a space suit,
an Apollo astronaut suit.
They're not like that?
>>SMITH: No, no.
They're very, very thin.
>>NOORY: Did you have a helmet?
>>SMITH: You have
a hexagon helmet,
which you can see has a
little bit of a type of heads
up display that's
very easy to read.
It also has a
internal system that
keeps your body either cold
or warm that you can set.
It's all AI, so you
could talk to it.
And I could say, where's George,
and it'll show me on a map
where George is.
>>NOORY: Really?
Great technology.
>>SMITH: Yeah,
amazing technology.
Depending on where
we were going,
we would wear air
scrubbers, depending
on the atmosphere
of where we were at,
maybe it was a
dusty environment.
Maybe it was an
oxygen-rich environment.
It just depends on what it was.
And that's the type of
pack that you would wear.
And it was not on
your back, by the way.
It was a belt system that
all this equipment was on.
>>NOORY: Any
remarkable technologies
that you brought to the
surface that we use now?
>>SMITH: Well, I think
a lot of the minerals
and all the new textiles you
see coming out over the past 20
years and materials,
for instance, I think
are reverse engineered
from the Inner Earth stuff
that they have gathered.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Was there anything
on these missions
that you did that
you wish you did not?
>>SMITH: No.
I mean, I'm not big into killing
animals or insects and things
like that.
But at that time, when I think
back about it, it's like,
wow, I just took this
poor salamander back away
from its home and who
knows what corporate's
going to do with it,
you know what I mean?
>>NOORY: Did the insects look
different from our insects
up here?
>>SMITH: Oh, yes.
They were gargantuan.
>>NOORY: What's the
biggest insect you had?
>>SMITH: The biggest,
it was like a mosquito.
And it was iridescent blue.
And it was probably at least
three to four feet in diameter.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
Mosquito looking?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That's frightening.
>>SMITH: Yeah, it had two
giant prongs that came out
of its face, like huge prongs.
>>NOORY: Did it ever
attack somebody?
>>SMITH: It can, yes.
>>NOORY: But you
didn't witness that?
>>SMITH: I've never seen it, no.
>>NOORY: It would suck
the blood out of somebody.
>>SMITH: I don't know
what it would do.
>>NOORY: Or whatever it does.
>>SMITH: I don't know.
It might just be also
a mating thing for--
>>NOORY: Did you see these
things flying around down
there?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: And you
captured one of those?
>>SMITH: Yes, we did.
>>NOORY: Did it go crazy?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Anything that we capture
usually, if it's not--
if we don't anesthetize
it, most of the stuff
is easily anesthetized
and then we approach it.
>>NOORY: How do you-- you
don't catch it with a net.
>>SMITH: Actually, we
do use special nets.
We have these special cubes
that we just put on the ground
and we activate them.
And anything that
comes near it, it
shoots out this jello spider
net, up to sometimes 30,
40 feet.
>>NOORY: Just engulfs it.
>>SMITH: And it engulfs
it and brings it in.
>>NOORY: And this
thing's flapping around.
>>SMITH: Well no, the gel-like
substance in this cube
anesthetizes it immediately.
>>NOORY: And then you
just carry it away?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
Whether it's an animal
or an insect or whatever.
>>NOORY: And then where do
you put it when you come
to the planet, to the surface?
>>SMITH: Oh, we have special
containers that's there.
We have special robotic
units that are assisting us.
Sometimes we even have a type
of cybernetic dogs and things
like this that come with us
and would help carry the loads.
>>NOORY: What do you do
with the specimens here?
>>SMITH: I don't know what
they do with the specimens.
That was not part
of my position.
I was there for basically
categorizing what type
of species this might be.
Is it extraterrestrial
or was it, is it
something that we already
have here on planet Earth?
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>SMITH: If we did come across--
which we did come across many
times archaeological tablets
and things that had unique
writings and things like this
on them.
>>NOORY: Do they
morph at all, when
you bring them to the surface?
Do they change
into anything else?
>>SMITH: Yeah, they can.
Some can actually just
completely disintegrate.
But I've never seen one turn
into something else, no.
But you have to understand,
when we bring them back,
they're in a special
vacuumed container.
So it's like bringing the being
back in the same atmosphere
that we've captured it in.
There's many places, there's
underground facilities
where they're trying to
recreate the exact atmosphere
and the exact environment.
>>NOORY: What do you do
with a three-foot mosquito,
for crying out loud?
>>SMITH: Well, that's
what I'm saying.
They let them go in
these man-made habitats,
these habitat zoos
that are underground,
that they're trying to reproduce
these creatures to see if they
can mate and if we can
actually have them--
>>NOORY: Do they mate?
>>SMITH: Yes, Yes.
Many, yeah.
There's actually these fake
environmental ecosystems
that we made, giant spheres
under the ground that
are vacuum sealed
and duplicating
the exact atmosphere
of these other places.
>>NOORY: Did you find
technology down there?
>>SMITH: Yeah, we found some
technology that we do believe
is extraterrestrial.
>>NOORY: And can you relate
to us what it might have been?
>>SMITH: A lot of
it, I think, was
measuring equipment of some sort
and maybe a couple of weapons.
I wasn't allowed to be--
it's so compartmentalized,
George, you have to understand.
If my job is to pick this
thing up in a sterile fashion,
vacuum seal it, and take it in.
>>NOORY: That's it.
>>SMITH: And then I'm out
of that compartment now,
and some other scientist
is going to work on that.
>>NOORY: So you're
aware of technologies,
but you don't know
what we took back.
>>SMITH: I'm making
my own opinion up
because of what I have
worked with personally
on real extraterrestrial
equipment.
So I could-- and that's why I
was on a lot these missions.
Because I could say, hey,
I've seen that writing before
from this other craft, or I've
seen the shape of this spear
before on another being.
So then we know
that there's been
visitations to these areas,
obviously, before us.
>>NOORY: Any idea where
the craft came from,
in terms of what planetary
system or dimension?
>>SMITH: Well, it just
depends on the type
of craft, number one.
We have a database of
craft that have fallen here
or that we've shot down or that
we have collected in space.
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah, we must
have a list of everything.
>>SMITH: And it has certain
characteristics of this star
system or that star system.
>>NOORY: It seems like
it was more dangerous
doing Inner Earth missions
than off-planet missions.
How come?
>>SMITH: Well, we
know more, like I
said, about off-planet
missions, because we've
been traveling
there a lot longer
than we have Inner Earth.
Inner Earth's more of
the new traveling system.
>>NOORY: So you were into
unknown territory, hence
it was more dangerous?
>>SMITH: Very unknown.
Everything seems to have
a mechanism for surviving
there, even a blade of grass.
So we have to be very
careful what you step on.
You have to be very aware
of your surroundings.
We have special radar that
these little robots that
come with us that communicate
with us saying, hey, there's
something in the air
above you, be alert.
And everyone is always
watching everyone's back,
because it can get into a
very, very bad situation
very quickly.
>>NOORY: What would
you say is the greatest
piece of information
that you were
able to bring back with you?
>>SMITH: That there's more
life out there than we
could have ever imagined.
And not just out
there, but inner.
To know that there's
other places in the future
that we'll be able to
visit and other places
to learn things that
could probably help us,
help the Earth, help
clean up the Earth.
Because they already got it
mastered, for some reason.
Why are their places so perfect?
What are they doing?
They don't have cars
running around with gas.
And they're not burning
fires or anything.
>>NOORY: Do you think they have
more respect for the planet
than we do?
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
From witnessing their
actions and things,
I mean, there's
definitely a higher state
of consciousness of protecting.
>>NOORY: Emery, thanks for
sharing your expertise again.
>>SMITH: Thanks for
having me, George.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
watching the program.
[MUSIC PLAYING]